Hahaha hey
Qin Shao
Our contract just now
Are you still thinking about the order?
Ouch.
Qin Shao, it's not you, you saw it just now
He had to marry Shen Yan in that night hall
That wasn't our intention.
Besides, Shen Yan is a bully
Can't we help it?
less
We were just under the pressure of the Hell Group.
You deserve your defeat
People give you a generous gift casually?
I slipped you.
Let you think you found a good classmate
Stupid and stupid
Why do you say that?
first
Shen Yan, what does he do?
Courier
He can't afford to buy something so expensive at all
He said he didn't steal from Diyun Group
It doesn't mean he didn't steal from others.
exist
Lord Piaoxue has already said it just now
I'm not very familiar with that kid Shen Yan
Shen Yan took advantage of the momentum of Lord Piaoxu
In that fox fake tiger power
He has no power
You still want to count on him to save your Ye family
Think about it.
Oh.
Oh, dear.
It's all my fault, old fool
I was deceived by Shen Yan
Qin Shao, don't worry.
I will personally deliver the night court to your house
Here you go. Now.
Go away
A piece of second-hand goods also wants to send me the fuck
I'll tell you what.
Although we are today
The Qin family broke off business relations with Diyun Group
But by our oath
You can still sit firmly in the protection of Jiangcheng
Just today.
I am humiliated by your Ye family and Shen Nan here
I will definitely pay it back in the future
Qin Shao
It's over, I've completely offended today
Go back quickly
Get out of the way for the night market meeting